# packages in environment at /home/ekernf01/mambaforge/envs/ggrn:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_py-xgboost-mutex         2.0                       cpu_0    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
absl-py                   1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
adjusttext                0.7.3.1                    py_1    conda-forge
aiofiles                  22.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.7.4.post0      py39h3811e60_1    conda-forge
aiosqlite                 0.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.3.2              h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
altair                    4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
altair_data_server        0.4.1                      py_0    conda-forge
altair_saver              0.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
altair_viewer             0.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anndata                   0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
anyio                     3.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               21.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0           py39hb9d737c_3    conda-forge
args                      0.1.0           pyhd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
arpack                    3.7.0                hdefa2d7_2    conda-forge
arrow-cpp                 10.0.1           h3e2b116_4_cpu    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.38.0               hd4edc92_1    conda-forge
attrs                     22.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.6.21               hd93a3ba_3    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.5.20               hd3b2fe5_3    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.8.5                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.2.16               hf5f93bc_0    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.2.17               h57874a7_1    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.7.0                h96ef541_0    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.13.12              h57ca295_1    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.7.13              h0b5698f_12    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.2.1                h5d7e488_4    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.1.7                hf5f93bc_0    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.14               h6027aba_0    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.18.16              h26430d7_8    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.9.379              h56135f1_7    conda-forge
babel                     2.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.0             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
bedtools                  2.30.0               h468198e_3    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.39                 he00db2b_1    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.39                h5fc0e48_12    conda-forge
biofluff                  3.0.4                      py_0    bioconda
biopython                 1.81             py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
biothings_client          0.2.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blas                      1.0                         mkl    conda-forge
bleach                    6.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.74.0               h6cacc03_7    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39hb9d737c_1005    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.7.22            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha12eb4b_1010    conda-forge
cattrs                    22.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cell-gears                0.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
celloracle                0.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2023.7.22          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py39he91dace_3    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py39hf3d152e_3    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3           unix_pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
clint                     0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
configparser              5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.0.7            py39h4b4f3f3_0    conda-forge
cpuonly                   2.0                           0    pytorch
cryptography              39.0.0           py39hd598818_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.87.0               h5eee18b_0  
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.33          py39h227be39_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
dcor                      0.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.6            py39h227be39_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dictys                    0.1.1               hgefb842d_0    lingfeiwang
dinamo                    1.0                  h2df963e_2    bioconda
diskcache                 5.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dnspython                 2.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docker-pycreds            0.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
docopt                    0.6.2                      py_1    conda-forge
docutils                  0.19             py39hf3d152e_1    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
feather-format            0.4.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    4.3                  hf484d3e_0    pytorch
filelock                  3.10.7             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flit-core                 3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.39.3           py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozendict                2.3.6            py39h72bdee0_1    conda-forge
fsspec                    2023.3.0           pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
gadem                     1.3.1                hec16e2b_4    bioconda
gcc_impl_linux-64         10.4.0              h5231bdf_19    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              10.4.0              h9215b83_12    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.8               hff1cb4f_1    conda-forge
geneformer                0.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
geneformer-embeddings     0.0.1                     dev_0    <develop>
genomepy                  0.15.0             pyh7cba7a3_0    bioconda
geomloss                  0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             he1b5a44_1004    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    10.4.0              h7d168d2_19    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         10.4.0              h69d5af5_12    conda-forge
ggrn                      0.0.1                     dev_0    <develop>
ggrn-backend2             0.0.1                     dev_0    <develop>
ghostscript               9.54.0               h27087fc_2    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
gimmemotifs               0.17.1               h9ee0642_2    bioconda
gimmemotifs-minimal       0.17.1           py39h67e14b5_2    bioconda
gitdb                     4.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.31             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.74.1               h6239696_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.74.1               h6239696_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.6.0                h6f12383_0    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h58526e2_0    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.2            py39h376b7d2_1    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.6.13               h85f3911_1    conda-forge
goatools                  1.2.3            py39hf3d152e_1    conda-forge
google-auth               2.17.3             pyh1a96a4e_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
graphviz                  4.0.0                h5abf519_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.51.1           py39h712372c_0    conda-forge
gseapy                    1.0.4            py39h0d4550d_0    bioconda
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.20.2               hcf0ee16_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.20.3               hd4edc92_2    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.33              h90689f9_2    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                h64030ff_2    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         10.4.0              h5231bdf_19    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              10.4.0              h6e491c6_12    conda-forge
h5py                      3.8.0           nompi_py39h89bf01e_101    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  4.2.0                h40b6f09_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.0          nompi_h5231ba7_103    conda-forge
homer                     4.11            pl5321h9f5acd7_7    bioconda
htseq                     2.0.2            py39h919a90d_0    bioconda
htslib                    1.17                 h6bc39ce_0    bioconda
icu                       69.1                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
igraph                    0.10.2               ha1f048c_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.1.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib-resources       5.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        6.1.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2022.1.0          h9e868ea_3769  
ipykernel                 6.22.0             pyh210e3f2_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.12.0             pyh41d4057_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.0.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iteround                  1.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
itsdangerous              2.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.5              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.17.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0            py39hf3d152e_8    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.3.0            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_fileid     0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_server_ydoc       0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_ydoc              0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                3.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.22.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_15    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py39hf939315_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h3790be6_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.14                 h6ed2654_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.39                 hcc3a1bd_1    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20220623.0      cxx17_h05df665_6    conda-forge
libaec                    1.0.6                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libarrow                  10.0.1           hee49ebd_4_cpu    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libclang                  13.0.1          default_had23c3d_1    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.87.0               h91b91d3_0  
libdeflate                1.13                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h9b69904_4    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     10.4.0              hd38fd1e_19    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3                h695aa2c_1  
libgfortran-ng            12.2.0              h69a702a_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              h337968e_19    conda-forge
libglib                   2.74.1               h7a41b64_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.5.0                h5d50b59_1    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.51.1               h05bd8bd_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.8.0                h32351e8_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libllvm11                 11.1.0               he0ac6c6_5    conda-forge
libllvm13                 13.0.1               hf817b99_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.51.0               hdcd2b5c_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h78a6416_3    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libpq                     14.5                 h72a31a5_3    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.21.12              h3eb15da_0    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.54.4               h7abd40a_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              10.4.0              h5246dfb_19    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.40.0               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  10.4.0              hd38fd1e_19    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.16.0               h491838f_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h0e0dad5_3    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.7                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libuv                     1.43.0               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.0                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxgboost                1.7.4            cpu_hd24df7a_2    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.0.3                he3ba5ed_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               haae042b_4    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.33               h0ef7038_3    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
lightning-utilities       0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.39.1           py39h7d9a04d_1    conda-forge
load-networks             0.0.1                     dev_0    <develop>
load-perturbations        0.0.1                     dev_0    <develop>
logomaker                 0.8                pyh864c0ab_1    bioconda
loguru                    0.6.0            py39hf3d152e_2    conda-forge
loompy                    3.0.6                      py_0    conda-forge
louvain                   0.8.0            py39h5a03fae_1    conda-forge
lxml                      4.8.0            py39hb9d737c_3    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
macs2                     2.2.7.1          py39hbf8eff0_4    bioconda
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.2            py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.7.1            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.7.1            py39he190548_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
meme                      5.4.1           py39pl5321h2771df5_2    bioconda
metis                     5.1.0             h58526e2_1006    conda-forge
mistune                   2.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mkl                       2022.1.0           hc2b9512_224  
mpc                       1.3.1                hfe3b2da_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.0                hb012696_0    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                     openmpi    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.4            py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mygene                    3.2.2              pyh5e36f6f_0    bioconda
mysql-common              8.0.32               h14678bc_0    conda-forge
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            h6eb9d5d_1007    conda-forge
mysql-connector-python    8.0.31           py39hfa0bd35_2    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.32               h54cf53e_0    conda-forge
natsort                   8.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclassic                 0.5.4              pyhb4ecaf3_1    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.7.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 7.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          7.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nettle                    3.6                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.0                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nodejs                    17.8.0               h784f1fd_0    conda-forge
norns                     0.1.6              pyh5e36f6f_0    bioconda
nose                      1.3.7                   py_1006    conda-forge
notebook                  6.5.3              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.89                 he45b914_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.56.4           py39h61ddf18_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.0           py39hba7629e_0    conda-forge
numpy_groupies            0.9.20             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
openh264                  2.1.1                h780b84a_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.1            h516909a_1016    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h7d73246_1    conda-forge
openmpi                   4.1.5              h414af15_101    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1v               hd590300_0    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
orc                       1.8.2                hfdbbad2_2    conda-forge
packaging                 23.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
palettable                3.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.0.3            py39h40cae4c_1    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.19.2               h32600fe_2    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.7               hbd2fdc8_0    conda-forge
parquet-cpp               1.5.1                         2    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pathtools                 0.1.2                      py_1    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                hc3806b6_1    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
perl-algorithm-cluster    1.59            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-cgi                  4.56            pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-data-dumper          2.183           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-dbi                  1.643           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode-locale        1.05            pl5321hdfd78af_7    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-path            2.18            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-spec            3.48_01         pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-which           1.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-html-parser          3.80            pl5321h9f5acd7_0    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-html-template        2.97            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-html-tree            5.07            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.05            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.36            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.004           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h9f5acd7_5    bioconda
perl-log-log4perl         1.56            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-math-cdf             0.1             pl5321hec16e2b_7    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-parent               0.241           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-test-nowarnings      1.06            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-time-local           1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.12            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-url-encode           0.03            pl5321h9ee0642_0    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-xml-parser           2.44_01         pl5321hc3e0081_1003    conda-forge
perl-xml-sax              1.02            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-xml-sax-expat        0.51            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-xml-simple           2.25            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-yaml                 1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perturbation-benchmarking-package 0.0.1                     dev_0    <develop>
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh1a96a4e_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0            py39hf3a2cdf_3    conda-forge
pip                       23.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pooch                     1.7.0              pyha770c72_3    conda-forge
portpicker                1.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prescient                 0.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus_client         0.16.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.38             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.38               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prosampler                1.0                  hc9558a2_0    bioconda
protobuf                  4.21.12          py39h227be39_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.4            py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-xgboost                1.7.4           cpu_py39h4655687_2    conda-forge
pyarrow                   10.0.1          py39hacc6ce7_4_cpu    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pybedtools                0.9.0            py39h6935b12_1    bioconda
pybigwig                  0.3.18           py39h792ddb7_2    bioconda
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydataverse               0.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pydnase                   0.3.0            py39hbf8eff0_4    bioconda
pydot                     1.4.2            py39hf3d152e_3    conda-forge
pyfaidx                   0.7.2.1            pyh7cba7a3_1    bioconda
pyg                       2.3.0           py39_torch_2.0.0_cpu    pyg
pygments                  2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyld                      2.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pynndescent               0.5.8              pyh1a96a4e_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 23.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py39hf3d152e_8    conda-forge
pyqt-impl                 5.12.3           py39hde8b62d_8    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18          py39he80948d_8    conda-forge
pyqtchart                 5.12             py39h0fcd23e_8    conda-forge
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1           py39h0fcd23e_8    conda-forge
pyreadr                   0.4.7            py39hcb9185c_2    conda-forge
pyro-api                  0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyro-ppl                  1.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.19.3           py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.20.0           py39h9abd093_0    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.9.15          h47a2c10_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-annoy              1.17.1           py39h5a03fae_0    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-duckdb             0.7.1            py39h0765c1d_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.16.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-igraph             0.10.2           py39h000617a_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-xxhash             3.2.0            py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      3_cp39    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.0.1               py3.9_cpu_0    pytorch
pytorch-lightning         2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pytorch-mutex             1.0                         cpu    pytorch
pytz                      2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyvcf3                    1.0.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
pyyaml                    6.0              py39hb9d737c_5    conda-forge
pyzmq                     25.0.2           py39h0be026e_0    conda-forge
qnorm                     0.8.1              pyh6c4a22f_2    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.9               h1304e3e_6    conda-forge
qtconsole                 5.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qtconsole-base            5.4.2              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      2.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.1.3                hd930d0e_0    conda-forge
re2                       2022.06.01           h27087fc_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
regex                     2023.3.23        py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.28.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
requests-cache            1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
s2n                       1.3.31               hae46d1a_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.16.1               h00cdaf9_2    bioconda
scanpy                    1.9.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scformer                  0.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
scib                      1.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.2.2            py39hd189fd4_1    conda-forge
scikit-misc               0.1.4            py39hc77b598_4    conda-forge
scipy                     1.10.1           py39h7360e5f_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.12.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
selenium                  3.141.0         py39h3811e60_1003    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sentry-sdk                1.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
session-info              1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setproctitle              1.3.2            py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
setuptools                59.8.0           py39hf3d152e_1    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
smmap                     3.0.5              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.10               h9fff704_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.3.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.40.0               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.13.5           py39h2ae25f5_2    conda-forge
stdlib-list               0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
suitesparse               5.10.1               h9e50725_1    conda-forge
sympy                     1.11.1          pypyh9d50eac_103    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_15    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.7.0             h924138e_1    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.12.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.0            py39h52d8a92_0  
terminado                 0.17.1             pyh41d4057_0    conda-forge
texttable                 1.6.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
torchaudio                2.0.2                  py39_cpu    pytorch
torchdata                 0.6.1                      py39    pytorch
torchmetrics              0.11.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
torchtext                 0.15.2                     py39    pytorch
torchvision               0.15.2                 py39_cpu    pytorch
tornado                   6.2              py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.65.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trawler                   2.0                  hdfd78af_4    bioconda
typing-extensions         4.5.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.5.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
ucsc-bedtogenepred        377                  ha8a8165_3    bioconda
ucsc-genepredtobed        377                  ha8a8165_5    bioconda
ucsc-genepredtogtf        377                  ha8a8165_5    bioconda
ucsc-gff3togenepred       377                  ha8a8165_3    bioconda
ucsc-gtftogenepred        377                  ha8a8165_5    bioconda
ujson                     5.7.0            py39h227be39_0    conda-forge
umap-learn                0.5.3            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.0.0           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
unzip                     6.0                  h7f98852_3    conda-forge
url-normalize             1.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.15            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
vega-cli                  5.17.0               hc2ddae1_6    conda-forge
vega-lite-cli             4.17.0               h7e777a6_3    conda-forge
velocyto.py               0.17.17          py39h5371cbf_5    bioconda
vl-convert-python         0.11.2                   pypi_0    pypi
wandb                     0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
weeder                    2.0                  h9f5acd7_6    bioconda
werkzeug                  2.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha56f1ee_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xdg                       6.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xgboost                   1.7.4           cpu_py39h4655687_2    conda-forge
xlrd                      2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
xlsxwriter                3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.4                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.1                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xxmotif                   1.6                  h2d50403_2    bioconda
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
y-py                      0.5.9            py39h50f1755_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.1            py39hd1e30aa_0    conda-forge
ypy-websocket             0.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h3eb15da_6    conda-forge
